website: Add links to relevant Learn guides in several docs pages (#25718)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/configuration/provider-requirements.html.md

providers for most major infrastructure platforms. You can also write and
distribute your own Terraform providers, for public or private use.

> > For a hands-on tutorial about creating a custom Terraform provider, try the [Call APIs with Terraform Providers](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/providers/provider-use?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) track on HashiCorp Learn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For a hands-on tutorial about creating a custom Terraform provider, try the [Call APIs with Terraform Providers](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/providers/setup-implement-read?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) track on HashiCorp Learn.
```
